## **Research and Implementation of Activity Recognition Algorithm**

### 📜 Project Description

###### ‣ Developed an **Android smartwatch** sensor data collection application for **TicWatch Pro 3**. The application efficiently collects, preprocesses, and stores data from various sensors like the gyroscope at different frequencies and active labels.

###### ‣ Implemented the **Kalman Filter** to eliminate data noise, and stored the final data in *.csv* format using the **FTP Protocol**.

###### ‣ Utilized **NavExplorer** for seamless storage confirmation and connection between the smartwatch and computer.

###### ‣ Incorporated residual connections and bidirectional units to **LSTM** (Long Short-Term Memory) to ensure effective information transmission.

###### ‣ The constructed network achieved **5% higher** compared to the simple LSTM network on activity recognition of the smartwatch dataset generated by the mobile application.

### 💡 Tech Stack

##### *Android Studio*

##### *TensorFlow*

##### *WearOS*

##### *sklearn*



## **Easy Learn–an online education platform**

### 📜 Project Description\\n

###### ‣ Implemented a **B2C** platform with client system and management system. \\n

###### ‣ Integrated **Spring Security** for permission control. Employed **Redis** for homepage data caching and **Swagger(RESTful API** style**)** for API documentation generation. Implemented **Nginx** for request forwarding and load balancing. \\n

###### ‣ Leveraged **Webpack** for static resource bundling and utilized **Axios** for seamless backend data transmission.\\n

### 📌 Front End Design\\n

###### ‣ Utilized **Vue.js and ES6** for frontend modular development. Constructed the page environment using **Nuxt** framework and Vue-admin template, with **Element-UI** for page layout. \\n

### 📌 Back End Design\\n

###### ‣ Adopted **Spring Boot + Spring Cloud microservice architecture** for the backend, incorporating modules like main service, video upload and image upload. \\n

###### ‣ Utilized **Feign, Gateway, Hystrix, Nacos** for inter-module communication. Leveraged **MyBatis Plus** for persistence operations, **OAuth2 + JWT** for **distributed** **access**\\n

### 💡 Tech Stack\\n

##### Spring Boot, JavaScript, Vue.js, MySQL, Babel

## **Home land–a real estate marketplace app** 

📜 Project Description\\n

###### ‣ Created a user-centric experience with various features enhancing user interaction and property management including advanced searching options for customized property search and user dashboards tailored for both buyers and sellers.\\n

###### ‣ Implemented the **Google Maps and Places API** to display maps and enable address autocomplete. Additionally, implemented geo-location-based search functionality to enhance property filtering.\\n

📌 Front End Design\\n

###### ‣ Leveraged the power of **React Context** to facilitate seamless state management and enhance the overall user experience.\\n

📌 Back End Design\\n

###### ‣ Executed advanced CRUD operations using **MongoDB** and **Mongoose ODM** for efficient data management.\\n

💡 Tech Stack\\n

##### MongoDB, Express, React, Node.js

